[Applause]
aaron carol lydia and jerry arrive at
the destroyed hilltop community looking
for tools and supplies
as they scavenge the rubble lydia
notices the walkers were being hurdled
in circles just the way whisperers used
to do
they find a whisper who was still alive
he said that he's alone but aaron is
sure that the guy is hiding something
given the past they have with the
whispers they were not going to take any
chances they took him to the cellar
nearby where they found rest of the
whispers hiding
jerry discovers that they were at
alexandria now aaron was going to kill
this guy but carol was against it
they spared his life and as a gesture of
good will he gave them the info that
connie is still alive we saw one of your
people
the girl who came out of the cave where
alpha kept the horde
eugene ezekiel yumiko and princess are
now a part of the commonwealth
yumiko reunites with her brother
eugene tours the community with
stephanie them with the help of her was
able to get in contact with alexandria
but was interrupted and arrested by
mercer
maggie is stuck with negan in the safe
house
they don't rust each other
in the end gabriel gets back to the safe
house and they decides to wait for daryl